feat(docs): shadow mode for resources (#1741)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/applying-policies.md

{% if_version gte:1.3.x %}

{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:2.7.x %}

## Applying policies in shadow mode

### Overview

The new shadow mode functionality allows users to mark policies with a specific label to simulate configuration changes
without affecting the live environment. 
It enables the observation of potential impact on Envoy proxy configurations, providing a risk-free method to test, 
validate, and fine-tune settings before actual deployment. 
Ideal for learning, debugging, and migrating, shadow mode ensures configurations are error-free, 
improving the overall system reliability without disrupting ongoing operations.

> ### Prerequisites
> 
> * {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.7 or newer
> * [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/) and [jd](https://github.com/josephburnett/jd) are optional

Author: ```suggestion
### Recommended setup

It's not necessary but CLI tools like [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/) and [jd](https://github.com/josephburnett/jd) can greatly improve the UX.
```

> * [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/) and [jd](https://github.com/josephburnett/jd) are optional

Author: Right, it makes sense, I rephrased it
